We can also use a different mechanism using the things you learned in the vanilla web component part
about just using CSS when you want to change the style or the visibility.
So I will actually kind of rever this, copy that code and always render that code and comment out my conditional
check,
I could remove it,
I just want to leave it there for you to be able to reference it when you download my resources
but now I always return this again and I ignore this open property
but this still is a property that now can be set or an attribute we can set, though we can even do that
of course, no one is stopping us from adding attributes without adding this prop decoration.
So what we still also can do and what we already did in the vanilla web component part, we can just add
attributes checks to our CSS code.
So there on the overall aside,
we could set a default style of left which is -100%,
this should move our element out of the page, out of the view and I then add another style where I access
my host element itself with the host selector which still is available in stencil, all the special
selectors you learned about in the vanilla web components part are available in stencil because I
can't emphasize it enough,
stencil works with vanilla web components,
so here I can add host with the requirement of the open attribute being present on the host element
and then my aside inside of my host,
then this should receive a style of left 0. Side note,
if you were using
scoped true instead of shadow true, so you were using that emulation, then host would not be supported
because that only works with the shadow DOM, all these special selectors would not be supported because
they work with the shadow DOM, instead
you would then just use your normal component selector
and combine that with the requirement of having the open attribute being present on it
but with the shadow DOM being used as we do, you have to use host. Back to our main business here though,
now I'm setting left to 0 when we have this open attribute on our component tag
and now I will just add a transition here to animate this change of my left property. So I will watch
the left property, we could watch all, doesn't really matter here
and over .3 seconds, so 300 milliseconds, I'll animate with an easeOut timing function.
And now with that if we reload, we don't see it here
but if I now add this open attribute again, it slides in. And this works with out as using the prop decorator
here or without this being defined as a property at all because we don't use it as a property, we only
add or remove that attribute and we don't need to register attributes
we plan on using here, instead we can just use them in CSS
and if all you want to do is change some styling, then this is actually the way I would recommend going
about this.